Mahalakshmi Mani - 98504959 
Singapore PR Mahalakshmi7@gmail.com 

Executive Summary

Azure Certified (Az-900) Senior Technical lead possessing 14 years of IT experience in Web and client server 
technologies. Ability to ascertain and analyze social, cultural, and business needs, define the high-level technical 
Design, Develop, Unit test, successful delivery, and demonstrated business results. 
● Senior development skills using latest & legacy technologies including Azure Cloud, Java, J2EE, Struts, Spring, 
Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Hibernate, SOAP/REST Webservice, UNIX, PL/SQL, Oracle, Sybase, and
Liquibase, Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes
● Business Intelligence (Qlikview and SAS) tools development & Production support activities, including design, 
development, and implementation of Government sector applications.
● Highly adaptable in agile technical environments with very strong organizational and analytical skill

Skills

Java, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Hibernate, Junit
Oracle, Sybase, SqlServer
Maven, Gradle, Git, Jira, Teamcity, Jenkins, Liquibase
DevOps, CI/CD, Agile, SDLC
Azure, Tomcat, Autosys
Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift
SWIFT Industry standard message parsing and generating. 

Employment History

LTI, Singapore
Technical Lead 24 Feb 2022 – Till Now
Angular solutions to Containerization Client: Citibank, Singapore
 Onboarding Vallar Application (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) solutions to ECS (Enterprise container solution).
Roles and Responsibilities: 
• Configuring and integrating Bitbucket, Docker, Jenkins, RLM and OpenShift to create a single click automation 
project.
• Created docker related changes for Angular (Frontend) and Spring boot (Backend) applications.
• Configured secrets, certificates, scaling, SSO and Log
• Docker related configurations like Health check URL, Readiness and Liveliness probe.
• Deployed the docker changes to Development via CI/CD pipeline.
• Currently moving the Development changes to Test environment.
Technologies worked: Spring Boot, Oracle 19c, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Angular 8, Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes
Internal Fraud - AML Client: Citibank, Singapore
Vallar Application – Uncovering the undeclared relationship between customers. 
Invictus Application – Uncovering the Internal fraud transactions within the bank. 
Applications gather data from an internal source called EAP (Big Data). The Rule engine filters the source data based 
on the implanted rules and generate alerts for the fraud identified. The alerts are validated by the respective group and 
manual actions are taken based on the fraud committed. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
• Identify and analyze user requirements.
• Prioritize, assign, and execute tasks throughout the software development life cycle.
 Mahalakshmi Mani - 98504959 
 Singapore PR Mahalakshmi7@gmail.com 
• Develop as well as review, test & debug code.
• Schedule releases with internal teams
• Document development phases
Technologies worked: Spring Boot, Oracle 12c, Autosys, Maven, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Angular 8 
Infosys Pte ltd., Singapore 
Consultant 03 Aug 2020 – Feb-2022
FIDES Client: UBS-WM & IB Japan, Singapore
UBS WM Japan has established a strategic alliance with SMTB (Sumitomo Mitsui Trust bank). The alliance is called 
FIDES (Good Luck).
Phase 1: UBS and SMTB established an MJV (Marketing Joint Venture) for joint client acquisition and started to crossselling each other.
Phase 2: UBS carve-out of WM Business unit from the existing entity UBS SJ (Securities Japan) to new security entity 
WM JV (Joint Venture). This resulting into a developing SWIFT message to UBS Application support formats (ISTARDB). (SWIFT Category 9 Messages parsing and Generating using Java technology) 
Technologies worked: Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Sybase, Autosys, Gradle, Git, Jira, Teamcity, Liquibase, Junit.
 
Tech Mahindra Services Ltd., Singapore 
Team Lead and Senior Software Engineer Sep 2010 – May 2017 & 13 Mar 2018 – Jan 2020
GEOSPACE Client: Singapore Land Authority, Singapore 
GeoSpace is an intranet government data sharing platform with spatial and Geographic Information System enabled 
services, which is managed by Singapore Land Authority
Technologies worked: JAVA-J2EE, Spring, JSF, XML, PL-SQL, JDeveloper, Oracle WebLogic 11g, REST Web 
Services, Apache Solr, Google Search Appliance
CEIS Client: Department of Statistics, Singapore 
 
Commercial Enterprise Information System works as the interface between various agencies to extract/ manipulate 
and share the details across other organizations. 
Technologies worked: Struts, Spring, REST, Hibernate, UNIX script and Oracle 12c
EPIC Client: Land and Transport Authority, Singapore
EPIC System assists in analyzing /creating /configuring mrt/lrt/roads/junctions/signal. The Design shall be passed 
across various levels for approval and to implement.
Technologies worked: Struts, Spring, Hibernate and Oracle DB
MARS 
Management Access Review System (MARS) is the Review system where the financial details are depicted in a 
graphical (Pivot/ charts) way to the management level. 
Technologies worked: BI Tool (Qlikview 9) and SQL Server 2000.
eIDEAs 
eIDEA(Electronic Idea System) is the Electronic idea system where the LTA users provide ideas/suggestions to 
improve the transports, infrastructure.
Technologies worked: Struts and SQL Server 2000
ICON Business Solutions PTE Ltd., Singapore
Associate Consultant Mar 2010 –Aug 2010
 Mahalakshmi Mani - 98504959 
 Singapore PR Mahalakshmi7@gmail.com 
Worked in Qlikview 9 for Various projects Clients: LTA and ST Electronics
● Qlikview consultant.
BI Tool: Qlikview 9 and SQL Server 2000
SATYAM COMPUTER SERVICES LTD., India
Software Engineer Mar 2006 – Apr 2008
SKA Client: Bank Negara Of Malaysia
Bank Negara Malaysia is the central bank for Malaysia. They are looking to enhance the Enterprise Portal with added 
features such as Enhanced Current Knowledge Hub serving as One-Stop access point for Strategic Knowledge 
Assets (SKA), Non-SKA information and knowledge assets in the Bank. To provide a Common Content Contribution 
for SKA and Non-SKA documents with quality workflow process and electronic collaborative workspace. 
Technologies worked: Struts, Spring, Hibernate and SQL Server 2000